in a tent on a beach in Gaza there's a
makeshift physiotherapist bed and they
live in fear not knowing if they will be
targeted by the Israeli
military mut AB has managed to put it
together from what little there
is due to the scarcity of resources and
therapy and our rehabilitation centers
in southern Gaza Strip I have launched
the initiative giving hope to the
injured targeting injured people
Sheltering in tents I found a
substantial number of injured people
he works throughout the day treating
both those injured before and during the
War I was injured on January 19th all
over my body this resulted in
dislocation and I needed physiotherapy
which Mr Motas is providing you know
what this is the hard things in Gaza we
are poor people we have nothing we are
short of medicine and food and
everything we want this war to stop
Omar alhadad had his leg amputated
before the war he's been displaced
several times and now lives in a tent he
needs treatment something the hospitals
in Gaza just don't have the capacity to
provide some hospitals told me that they
would perform the procedure but without
anesthesia some other hospitals said
that I would have to go home an hour
after the operation there is no place
with hygiene and there are no
painkillers there are no resources
but he is now receiving help learning
how to walk with his prosthetic
leg others are too young to know what is
happening around
them muaz tries to bring some happiness
to those he
treats in times of War it's the little
things that count and bring some relief
from the Carnage that surrounds them
Assad Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer